Waiting for Buffett
I'm going to take the humiliation you gave me that day
All back to you
And I want to thank somebody very special.
He just won the Albert Award.
You call him Witty
We congratulate him together
Wait a minute.
I'm going to expose Whit's true face
He's not a beautiful woman musician
he
Just a mean woman who rose to power by dirty means
Isn't this Jiang Yirou?
What is he doing here?
He just said
Witt got to the top by those dirty tricks
What does he mean?
This lady
Talking is about evidence
Witt, don't think I don't know
Those works you won
All are composed by buckwheat
I went through all the Witt Prizes.
The original copyright registration is all robbed
Later, it was changed to Witt.
It's really the original host, it's all buckwheat
This Mrs. Lu is really miserable
First sing for Jiang Yurou
Now the work has been accepted by Witt
Just now, Mr. Lu made a public gesture to Witt
You said Mrs. Lu knew how sad it should be
Is it because Mrs. Lu is fat?
To bully her like this
Witt now has the evidence in front of you
What else do you have to deny?
I never thought of denying it.
You're telling the truth.
These works
It is indeed written by buckwheat